happy Anniversary baby
not our anniversary are you sure I could
have sworn
about that hold it in but sounded like a
slow clap your turn okay oh that sounded
like with the whistling wings and
mammoth caves in Kentucky I'll call it
the spelunker very good bonus points for
the dirty word spelunking is not a dirty
word it's not here we go aftershocks
anything the Chinese firecracker you're
a racist it's not a race thing ask the
Chinese invented gunpowder read a book
well my take on history is a lot more
interesting than the actual Vegas
gary-oke door at Frankenstein's castle
felt like a good one
well don't worry they will come now yeah
they're having some sort of barbecue
from my sisters or something I told him
we bring that taco dip that they really
like I'll set the alarm for 8:00 8:00
wait how about we try 9:30 will give us
plenty time to get to the store fine but
if we're late it's on you deal no time
this one is the real deal oh just a
quick one I'll call it the Last Supper
because you're about to go out Passion
of the Christ on the 22nd very funny
give me a few minutes okay hey wait I
love you too now I'm going to destroy
very good